The woman has apparently been a victim of abuse and stayed in the relationship hoping things would change.Thandeka Ndex Ndlovu recently shared a video on social media of an angry man hitting a woman with a spanner at a garage in Pretoria on Saturday.The technical producer at the SABC shared the video and pictures showing the man hitting her friend s head with a spanner while accusing her of cheating. The video further shows her friend s bloodied head and face.The man can be seen looking at Ndlovu, threatening to break her phone should she continue taking a video. Gumza I want you to beat me beat me. Plus you are beating her in my car Ndlovu tells the angry man, with another trying to talk Gumza out of hitting the woman in the car, with petrol attendants looking on. I calmed down what changed? I am talking to my wife. Is this what Thandeka is making my woman do? I don t care if the police are called or I get arrested. She does things and starts to spread news about us says Gumza. Get out! Thuli I will beat you Get out let s go he adds. Ndlovu shared the video and pictures and urged social media users to continue sharing the video for awareness. The video had been viewed more than 600 000 times and shared more than 700 times by late Sunday night.According to Ndlovu, the two were attacked at Slotjile in front of at least five bouncers, before the assault happened at the garage. One of our own My friend has been assaulted for the longest of time and has kept quiet because she thought that things would change or get better but this is what it got to She is now lying in a hospital bed. What a traumatic night I stood there and watched my friend being attacked with a spanner while the security guards at the Engen 1 stop on the R21 towards PTA stood there and watched. She almost died in my hands. I was threatened for taking this video This man promised to shoot both me and my friend. Thanks to Sipho and Barker for trying to calm the situation down, they tried to escort us and ended up getting into the middle of all this, wrote Ndlovu on Facebook. She said the man had been arrested.